README.md, before:

<img src="https://api.themikelewis.com/media/uploads/2019/03/11/68747470733a2f2f6173736574732e7a6569742e636f2f6.original.png.1200x0_q84_crop-smart.png">

# Welcome to Next.js starter pack!

> Hours of configuring your project before you can code anything useful - is it just me or everyone hates it? 

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/development%20status-%20paused-orange">

## Motivation
The initial goal was to create a boilerplate which would help me and other developers to start their Next.js applications without the headache caused by configuring all the necessary things. As a React development-kit I choose [antd-design](https://ant.design/) - quite fresh and promising library. However, due to lack of time, the projects is still in progress and is **not** likely to be finished soon.

## What's included

 - [x] Next.js
 - [x] Typescript
 - [x] react-intl (support for multi-languages)
 - [x] Babel
 - [x] Eslint
 - [x] Prettier
 - [x] Custom webpack configuration (including useful aliases)
 - [x] Nodemon (hot reloading)
 - [x] antd-design
 - [x] Redux & redux-toolkit
 
## What should be added to the mix

- [ ] Good support for styles (working well with Next & antd)
- [ ] dockerfile
- [ ] General support for deploying the app

## How to use
This repository is free to use and extend. Follow these steps to run it on your machine:
-   `git clone https://github.com/MikeyZat/next-js-starter-pack.git`
-   `cd next-js-starter-pack`
-   `npm install`
-   `npm run dev`

Look into the console and you should see the compilation process. After it's finished:
- open your browser
- Go to `http://localhost:3000`
- See the landing page
- Edit and play with the app in whatever way you like :smile:

## :raised_hands: Contributing
#### If you want to further develop this project, I would be more than happy :grin:
To contribute, follow steps below:
- fork the repository
- create your branch following name conventions (`feat/some-feature` or `bug/some-bug`)
- apply your changes
- test your changes (not only in positive scenarios)
- commit your changes and add **meaningful** commit message
- push your changes and made a PR with exact description what changes it delivers
- assign me for a review
- enjoy your contribution :heavy_check_mark:

## Contributors

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/MikeyZat"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/41756225?s=460&u=a8048220c6af35242049df4c497a8a7a759840bc&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Mikołaj Zatorski</b></sub></a></td>
    </tr>
</table

Commit message:

Create LICENSE and add a link in README (#2)
* Create LICENSE

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

<img src="https://api.themikelewis.com/media/uploads/2019/03/11/68747470733a2f2f6173736574732e7a6569742e636f2f6.original.png.1200x0_q84_crop-smart.png">

# Welcome to Next.js starter pack!

> Hours of configuring your project before you can code anything useful - is it just me or everyone hates it? 

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/development%20status-%20paused-orange">

## Motivation
The initial goal was to create a boilerplate which would help me and other developers to start their Next.js applications without the headache caused by configuring all the necessary things. As a React development-kit I choose [antd-design](https://ant.design/) - quite fresh and promising library. However, due to lack of time, the projects is still in progress and is **not** likely to be finished soon.

## What's included

 - [x] Next.js
 - [x] Typescript
 - [x] react-intl (support for multi-languages)
 - [x] Babel
 - [x] Eslint
 - [x] Prettier
 - [x] Custom webpack configuration (including useful aliases)
 - [x] Nodemon (hot reloading)
 - [x] antd-design
 - [x] Redux & redux-toolkit
 
## What should be added to the mix

- [ ] Good support for styles (working well with Next & antd)
- [ ] dockerfile
- [ ] General support for deploying the app

## How to use
This repository is free to use and extend. Follow these steps to run it on your machine:
-   `git clone https://github.com/MikeyZat/next-js-starter-pack.git`
-   `cd next-js-starter-pack`
-   `npm install`
-   `npm run dev`

Look into the console and you should see the compilation process. After it's finished:
- open your browser
- Go to `http://localhost:3000`
- See the landing page
- Edit and play with the app in whatever way you like :smile:

## :raised_hands: Contributing
#### If you want to further develop this project, I would be more than happy :grin:
To contribute, follow steps below:
- fork the repository
- create your branch following name conventions (`feat/some-feature` or `bug/some-bug`)
- apply your changes
- test your changes (not only in positive scenarios)
- commit your changes and add **meaningful** commit message
- push your changes and made a PR with exact description what changes it delivers
- assign me for a review
- enjoy your contribution :heavy_check_mark:

## :pencil: License

Developed under the [MIT license](/LICENSE) and yeah, that's good news.

## Contributors

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/MikeyZat"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/41756225?s=460&u=a8048220c6af35242049df4c497a8a7a759840bc&v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Mikołaj Zatorski</b></sub></a></td>
    </tr>
</table
